hi I'm Chris I'm here in Japan he was
sitting wherever
when I first came to Japan I was
extremely intimidated by the train
system especially junior because it to
go anywhere well it's super easy and so
we're going to make this little video
to show you that there's nothing to be
afraid of and that
my wife is manning the camera and
go in to the station here we're going to
buy tickets to go to Nagoya because as
we heard one today
and we'll show you how easy it is to use
the chairs step one is that you need to
decide where you're going and we or chat
the string map here and we're here
inside the station where the people are
buying their tickets but we look at me
sign above and so this is mostly in
Japanese however the major stations are
in English so we're going to zoom in we
are in Gifu see that in the center the
frame enriched and we're going to nagoya
okay so you can see that in Gifu here to
go to Nagoya is T the numbers up top
that's the number of yen it takes to buy
a ticket to take a regular train to the
station so we need to buy a 450 yen
ticket so we're going to go to the
ticket machine and buy one okay step two
we're here at name change and here's
where you buy a ticket now we are
English speakers so we're going to go
public relations where they display
English so read tickets for two because
my wife and I are moving to our red zone
together so you press the button for two
people and now we go
150 so we have a 450 ticket one-way
tickets - tickets so I put in my
thousand yen though reg took the
thousand and one hundred yen of change
and one ticket to my wife right there
and I take the other one when we go over
to the ticket machine okay so now we're
going to go up on the train platform and
we have to go through the ticket gate so
what you're going to do is going to put
your ticket in one end and it will come
out the other end take it with you you
do not want to leave it there
if something happens and it rejects your
ticket you did something wrong and go
help the car can space containers or
something but basically you just go
straight through stick your took it in
comes up the other one and make sure you
take it so here we go
comes out the other end
you take your ticket and proceed to the
platform one of the things that's
incredibly intimidating are these train
schedules but actually it's very easy
we're looking at the train schedule and
we're going to nagoya hard to see
through the glare there there it says -
Nagoya and Okazaki so the question is
which one do we take well what you do is
you look down this column here these are
the times in 24-hour clock mode for the
local time or starting at 5 a.m. and
going down to midnight at 0 so what time
is it now it's 10 o'clock
see it's 10:05 local time so what we do
is we look here epi 10 o'clock 1008 1012
1013 10 23 1026 etc so the time right
now is 10:05 so we could in theory take
the 1008 train and go somewhere but
here's the thing that's confusing look
at all these different lines we have all
these different options so what do you
choose well the answer is basically you
can take any of these trains with the
ticket you bought except for the red one
that's the fancy reserved Department so
just forget about that one any of these
trains you can take with the ticket you
just bought
sorry other people needed to read the
schedule there anyway the difference is
that the black numbers here like this 13
correspond to the black track here which
stops at every single station so if
you're going somewhere it's going to
take you longer but that's okay
it's still not bad any of these other
lines here the green the blue orange and
the yellow you can take with your ticket
it won't matter they're not paying
attention to what kind of training take
as long as you get on and off at the
correct station so to sum up for example
right now it's moved on a little bit
it's about 10 1008 or so so 10 13 would
make the best choice for us because
we're not in a big hurry to get anywhere
so we can take the line that stops at
every station and the little number
there that number five indicates track
five so when we go up on the platform we
go to track five so 10 13 departure from
track five is the train will take we're
going to take a local train
and go to nagoya but before we go up on
the platform let's take a look at the
electronic sign
here's a sign
and there is our train local starting
station 10:13 for Okazaki track 5 so
that tells us where we're going to go it
flips between Japanese and English so
it's very easy to see and in this case
we want the Tokaido line for nagoya
we've just stepped up from the ticket
gates with your bit back there
we're about to go up to the platform and
you can see there's track number six
five four three two and one or over
there but we want track five so we're
going to go this way here we are on
track five this is a non reserved car
you just get on anywhere you want only -
Mosconi shows uses you something so
miraculous you have a small body I know
that if you want so check the electronic
sign up there I want to say this one
knows and I also study must home and I
just waited yet you monster you know
guess I'll go check that side once I
touch myself silly shop at the Kimo
Monica say - was
yep that's us so we're good
okay so here we are in Nagoya we just
got off of this train and we are now
going to exit out the exit oh boy that's
loud
so choose an exit okay now we're about
to go out the ticket gate here now it
will take your ticket and it will not
give it back and that is Freck so go in
any ticket gate that has the arrow as my
wife over here take it in and it opens
up and it does not give it back
and now you go
and there it is
and you are done and that ends our
lesson